HEY.
YOU OUTTA HERE?
YEAH. I GOT SOME STUFF
TO DO ON CAMPUS.
3:00?
YEAH, I KNOW WHEN
HETSON'S CLASS IS,
JOEY.
I KNOW.
I JUST DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL WEIRD
OR SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S NO FUN WITHOUT YOU.
NO ONE
TO CONTEST MY OPINIONS
WITH SNARKY FEEDBACK.
I'M STARTING TO FEEL
SMART OR SOMETHING.
YEAH, WELL,
FINALS SHOULD NIP
THAT PESKY EGO
IN THE BUTT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS SEMESTER
IS ALMOST OVER.
I KNOW.
ARE YOU GOING HOME
FOR THE HOLIDAYS?
WHAT COULD BE HOMIER
THAN THIS CLEAN,
WELL-LIGHTED PLACE?
SERIOUSLY.
WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
DOES IT MAKE
A DIFFERENCE?
WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
CAPESIDE.
(CHUCKLES)
WHAT?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST...
CAPESIDE.
I GUESS
THAT'S ABOUT RIGHT.
ABOUT RIGHT FOR WHAT?
HEY, RELAX.
NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED OF.
HAVE YOU EVER EVEN
BEEN TO CAPESIDE?
THEY DON'T LET MY KIND
GO THAT FAR EAST.
WELL, THANK GOODNESS
WE HAVE NEUTRAL GROUND
TO SPAR ON.
YEAH. YEAH.
WE'RE A REGULAR
SAM AND DIANE--
ME WITH
MY RUGGED CHARMS,
YOU WITH YOUR
FANCY BOOK LEARNING.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'VE GOT IT ALL WRONG
ABOUT ME, EDDIE DOLING.
I'M A GIRL FROM
THE WRONG SIDE OF THE TRACKS.
YOU DON'T WANNA MESS
WITH THE LIKES OF ME.
I DON'T KNOW.
I KINDA LIKE IT
WHEN YOU GET
ALL "FOXFIRE" ON ME.
NOTHIN' LIKE
A FANCY GIRL
SLUMMIN' IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE VERY LUCKY
I HAVE CLASS RIGHT NOW,
BECAUSE TONIGHT,
WE RUMBLE.
I WILL BE HERE.
I'M WORKIN'
A DOUBLE TODAY,
AND DON'T YOU HAVE
ANYTHING BETTER TO DO
ON YOUR NIGHT OFF
THAN LOLL AROUND
YOUR PLACE OF WORK?
YOU KNOW,
IT JUST SO HAPPENS
THAT HELL'S BELLES
IS GOING TO THOROUGHLY
ROCK THE HOUSE DOWN.
MMM.
KINDA LIKE
THE ONION RINGS.
I'LL SEE YOU
LATER, JOEY.
SO WHAT IS GOING ON
WITH YOU AND
THIS DAVID FELLOW?
KEEP TO YOUR OWN
FURTIVE GROPINGS,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OH, JACK.
NO, IT WASN'T LIKE THAT.
I MEAN, THERE WAS--
THERE WAS COFFEE,
THERE WAS TALKING,
AND I DON'T
WANNA JINX IT.
AW, WHY SO SHY?
COME ON, SOMEBODY'S
GOTTA BE GETTING SOME.
GOD.
CRACKING THIS C.J. CASE
IS PROVING
FAR TOO DIFFICULT
FOR THE DELICATE
LIKES OF ME.
EASY, EASY.
YOUR SEXUAL
FRUSTRATION'S
HITTING A VEIN.
ANYWAY, WE'RE MEETING
IN THE CAFETERIA
AFTER CLASS.
CAN I COME?
C.J. WILL
PROBABLY BE THERE.
JEN, DON'T YOU THINK
YOU'VE GIVEN THIS ONE
THE OLD COLLEGE TRY?
THIS MUCH EFFORT'S
BENEATH YOU.
YOU SAID SO YOURSELF,
DIDN'T YOU?
OH, YOU CAN'T
HOLD THE ULTIMATUMS
OF PARTY JEN AGAINST ME.
I WAS WEARING A WIG.
I WAS FEELING CRAZY.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, I TELL YOU WHAT.
BRING GRAMS, TOO.
MAYBE I WILL.
Freeman:
AFTERNOON, EVERYONE.
I WANTED TO
START CLASS TODAY
BY TELLING YOU ALL
THAT YOU WON'T BE
SEEING ME AFTER FINALS.
THE PUBLICATION
OF MY CRITICAL ESSAYS
HAS SECURED MY ACADEMIC
VISITATION IN CHICAGO.
SO I'LL BE
LEAVING BOSTON BAY
AT THE END
OF THE SEMESTER.
SINCE OUR TIME
IS LIMITED,
I WANTED TO
INVITE ALL OF YOU
TO THE BOOK-SIGNING
TONIGHT OVER AT
WINTHROP HALL.
YOU'VE BEEN
A GREAT CLASS,
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
DID YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS?
NO. I HAD NO IDEA.
AAH.
(SIGHS)
OK, OK.
YOU DECIDED TO BLESS
THE ORPHANS OF THE WORLD
WITH YOUR BETSY JOHNSONS?
HARDLY. I AM
AUDITIONING OUTFITS,
AND EVERYTHING IS
FAILING MISERABLY.
WHERE HAVE ALL
MY SEX CLOTHES GONE?
PACEY WITTER
HAS PILLAGED
MY FASHION SENSE.
YOU MEAN THERE
ARE CLOTHES OUT THERE
THAT ACTUALLY SHOW OFF
YOUR CHEST EVEN MORE?
YES.
AND QUITE FRANKLY,
THE GIRLS ARE
FEELING SHUNNED.
THE BAND IS PLAYING
TONIGHT AT YOUR
LITTLE DIVE BAR,
AND I WANT THEM
TO BE RESPLENDENT.
I KNOW.
I WOULDN'T MISS IT
FOR THE WORLD.
IN FACT, I'M NOT
EVEN WORKING TONIGHT.
SO YOU WILL HAVE MY FULL
AND UNDIVIDED ATTENTION.
OOH, WELL, MIGHT BE NICE
IF YOU SHOWED YOUR FACE
AROUND THESE PARTS.
I KNOW I'M USUALLY
LOW MAINTENANCE AND ALL.
I WOULDN'T GO THAT FAR.
BESIDES, I FIGURE
THAT YOU AND PACEY
WOULD APPRECIATE
THE PRIVATE TIME.
YEAH, WELL.
THAT WAS A GREAT HELP.
NOW I'VE DUMPED PACEY
4 MONTHS TOO LATE
AND NOT A SLUTTY FROCK
HAS SURVIVED.
NOT A ONE, I TELL YOU.
WHAT?
WHEN DID YOU DUMP PACEY?
HELLO? MID-MID-LIFE CRISIS,
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
JEEZ, JOEY, WOULD IT
KILL YOU TO KEEP UP?
LOOK, AUDREY, I'M SORRY.
I'VE BEEN--
WAIT, WHEN DID
THIS HAPPEN?
THE HORROR
THAT WAS HALLOWEEN.
WHATEVER.
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
AUDREY, HOW COULD YOU
NOT TELL ME ABOUT THIS?
LOOK, I KNOW
I'VE BEEN GONE A LOT,
BUT A LITTLE
BATHROOM SIDEBAR
MIGHT HAVE BEEN IN ORDER.
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I JUST FIGURED
THAT YOU'D HEAR IT
FROM PACEY
IN SOME "HOW HAS LIFE
BEEN SINCE YOU?"
CONVERSATION.
OF COURSE NOT.
WE LIVE TOGETHER.
I MEAN, JUST
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN
RUNNING AROUND
DOESN'T MEAN I DON'T
HAVE TIME FOR YOU.
YEAH, WELL, LISTEN,
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT
TO HEAR YOUR EX-GIRLFRIEND
WISDOM AT THE TIME,
BUT NOW, I'M KINDA DONE
RELIVING IT.
OK.
Jen: JACK, HAVE YOU
EVER NOTICED HOW
MUCH YOUR APARTMENT
LOOKS LIKE THE ONE
ON MY TWO DADS?
I THINK IT'S
THE SPIRAL STAIRCASE.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU AND PACEY
ARE EMBROILED
IN SOME WHOSE SPERM
IS WHOSE BATTLE,
BUT WOULD YOU MAYBE WANT
TO GO OUT TONIGHT, JACK?
I CANNOT BELIEVE
THAT YOU JUST DID THAT.
WHAT?
NO HEDGING,
NO SUBTEXT.
NO HORRIBLE PUNS.
GAYS HAVE IT SO EASY.
STRAIGHT BOYS
ARE NEVER SO...
STRAIGHT.
LOVE TO.
COOL.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
EMMA AND AUDREY
ARE PLAYING TONIGHT.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE SHOULD GO TO THAT.
IS THAT OK?
AND THEN AFTERWARDS,
WE'LL DO SOMETHING ELSE?
YEAH.
Jen: OK, WAIT, WAIT.
GO WITH ME HERE
FOR A SECOND, UM,
BEFORE C.J. GETS HERE.
SO WE'RE GONNA GO SEE
THE PRETTY GIRLS PLAY.
WE CAN ASK C.J.
TO JOIN US ON THIS--
THIS VERY INNOCENT
GROUP OUTING.
OR, YOU KNOW, WHY BOTHER
WITH THE SUBTLETIES?
WE CAN JUST, UH,
CLUB HIM OVER THE HEAD
AND DRAG HIM OUT.
JACK, WORK WITH ME HERE.
David: NO, NO, NO.
WE SHOULD DEFINITELY
ASK HIM TO COME.
IT'D BE FUN
IF WE ALL WENT.
IT'S JUST, UH...
WELL, C.J. DOESN'T
REALLY DATE.
WHAT? DOES HE JUST
JUMP STRAIGHT
INTO THE SACK?
COFFEE TO CONDOMS?
WHAT ARE WE
TALKING HERE?
UM, NO.
YOU SEE, I MEAN,
HE DOESN'T DATE AT ALL.
WELL, HIS LIFE IS
SORT OF COMPLICATED.
HE, UM...
NAH, I SHOULDN'T
REALLY TALK ABOUT IT.
WHATEVER IT IS,
I'M SURE IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
COME ON, BRING IT ON.
PLEASE?
JEN, WILL YOU STOP
USING MY FRIEND
AS YOUR DEEP THROAT,
PLEASE?
UH, YEAH.
F-F-FORGET I SAID
THAT ONE.
(CLEARS THROAT)
HERE COMES C.J.
OH, HEY.
HEY.
UM, LOOK, THIS IS
TOTALLY LAST MINUTE,
BUT I DON'T SUPPOSE
THAT YOU'D WANNA
COME WITH US TONIGHT
AND SEE OUR FRIEND
PLAY IN A BAND?
IT'S AUDREY.
YOU KNOW AUDREY.
THE ONE THAT'S
GUARANTEED TO ENTERTAIN.
I RECALL.
YEAH, SOUNDS LIKE FUN.
EXCELLENT.
JACK.
UM, SOON-TO-BE-EXTINCT
FREEMAN APPROACHES
AND KINDA LOOKS LIKE
HE NEEDS TO PEE.
David: I THINK MAYBE
HE JUST WANTS
TO TALK TO YOU.
YEAH.
UH, EXCUSE ME, GUYS.
I'M SORRY.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
WANNA SIT?
YEP.
I'M SORRY. I DIDN'T
MEAN TO INTERRUPT
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
THAT'S OKAY.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I, UH--
PLENTY OF TIME TO EAT.
SO CLASS TODAY,
HOW ABOUT THAT?
UM, JACK...
I KEEP THINKING
ABOUT THAT FIRST
CONVERSATION WE HAD,
WHEN YOU SAID THAT
THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME
YOU'D FELT MOTIVATED
IN A LONG WHILE.
I'D HATE TO THINK
THAT I'D TAKEN AWAY
THE COLLEGE EXPERIENCE
YOU DESERVE.
WELL, I'LL KEEP ON
APPLYING MYSELF.
LOOK, UM, NEXT WEEK
IS READING WEEK,
AND AFTER THAT,
THERE'S FINALS,
AND AFTER THAT, WELL...
I'M GONE.
IT WOULD JUST--
IT WOULD MEAN
A LOT TO ME
IF YOU WERE THERE
TONIGHT, JACK.
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
I HOPE YOU GUYS
PACKED CONDOMS AND
TOOTHPASTE THIS MORNING
'CAUSE WE'RE TAKING
A LITTLE TRIP.
YOU ALL PASSED
YOUR SERIES 7s,
SOME OF YOU
WITH FLYING COLORS,
YOU SMARTY-PANTS
PANSIES.
SO TONIGHT,
WE CELEBRATE.
NEW ORLEANS?
HOW ABOUT THAT, HUH?
YES, WE ARE SO
OBNOXIOUSLY WEALTHY
WE ARE FLYING
TO THE BIG EASY
TO INDULGE IN
ALL ITS PLEASURES
FOR 24 SICKENING HOURS.
SO DON'T TELL ME
YOU HAVE TO CALL YOUR
MOMMIES OR ANYTHING.
JUST ADMIT
THAT FIRST CLASS,
FREE HOTEL ROOMS,
AND GOOD OLD
SOUTHERN GIRLS
WHO LEARNED TO DRINK
BEFORE YOU
PLAYED NINTENDO
ARE ALL TOO GOOD
TO PASS UP.
PACK IT UP, GENTLEMEN.
LOGAN, 1 HOUR.
Man: YEAH, BABY.
(MAN LAUGHS)
Woman: SO YOU GUYS ARE HERE
FOR THE WEEKEND, HUH?
Pacey: JUST THE NIGHT
ACTUALLY.
OH, THAT'S TOO BAD.
THERE'S A LOT OF FUN
TO BE HAD HERE.
YEAH, I CAN SEE THAT.
I COULD SHOW YOU AROUND.
YOU KNOW, I'VE ACTUALLY
BEEN HERE BEFORE.
OH.
YEAH, MY GIRLFRIEND AND I,
WE CAME THROUGH HERE
THIS SUMMER.
SO YOU HAVE
A GIRLFRIEND.
OH, NO. NO, NO.
SHE DUMPED ME.
HEH.
WELL, I THINK MY FRIENDS
ARE WAITING FOR ME,
BUT IT'S NICE
MEETING YOU, PERCY.
HI, THERE.
I DON'T DO GUYS
IN MOURNING.
Rich: WITTER, MAN.
YOU ARE PATHETIC,
AND HERE I THOUGHT YOU'D
BE MY ONLY COMPETITION.
YOU'RE MAKING THIS
TOO EASY.
WELL, LOOK, RINALDI,
IT WOULD BE A LOT DIFFERENT
IF I WAS ACTUALLY
IN THIS GAME,
WHICH I'M NOT
BECAUSE WOMEN DO ACTUALLY
LIKE THE SENSITIVE TYPE.
YEAH, OK,
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT'S
BEEN WORKING FOR ME.
Rich: RIGHT?
(RICH LAUGHS)
EVERYTHING SEEMS MAGICAL
WHEN YOU SEE IT FROM
THE OTHER SIDE, RIGHT?
THE COMMAND WITH WHICH
YOU POUR IS STAGGERING.
THANK YOU.
HOW'S CLASS TODAY?
THE USUAL.
WE'RE ENDING
GRAVITY'S RAINBOW,
AND HETSON SPENT
A GOOD 5 MINUTES
INSISTING I'D
NEVER UNDERSTAND
THE EXPERIMENTAL
RAMBLINGS.
WELL, THAT'S SILLY.
DIANE CHAMBERS
IS AN EXTREMELY
WELL-READ CHARACTER.
I'M SURE
SHE WOULD HAVE
SCHOOLED HETSON.
AND, YOU KNOW,
YOUR WHOLE SAM-DIANE
CLASS ARGUMENT THING,
IT'S VERY WEAK.
HE DEFINITELY MADE
MORE MONEY THAN HER.
YEAH, AND I MAKE
MORE MONEY THAN YOUR
WORTHINGTON COLLEAGUES
WHO DON'T NEED A JOB,
BUT THAT DOESN'T PUT US
IN THE SAME BRACKET,
NOW DOES IT?
HEY, CUTE BAR BOY.
GIVE ME A SHOT,
WILL YA?
I GOT THE SHAKES.
YOU ARE SO AWESOME
FOR COMING
TO SEE ME PLAY,
AND HERE,
BUY A ROUND OF SHOTS
FOR THE FUTURE
BOYFRIENDS OF AMERICA.
Audrey: MMM.
(CHOKING)
OH, GOD. AH--
GOD, WHO DID
HER PARENTS BUY OFF
TO GET HER
INTO WORTHINGTON?
YOU'RE MORE ACERBIC
THAN USUAL TONIGHT,
IF THAT'S POSSIBLE.
EVERYTHING OK?
YEAH.
I'M SORRY. I JUST--
I HATE WORKING DOUBLES,
AND I--I DON'T LIKE
WORKING WITH SAM.
NO ONE TO FLIRT WITH, HUH?
YEAH, OR CLUMSILY INSULT,
WHICHEVER YOU PREFER.
WELL, I'LL COME
BACK UP LATER.
RIGHT NOW, I HAVE TO
GO STROKE AUDREY'S EGO.
SOUNDS ENTICING.
(PEOPLE LAUGHING)
HEY.
Audrey:
HI, SWEETIE.
OH, GOOD, GOOD.
WHAT ABOUT THAT?
Freeman:
WELL, THANKS FOR COMING.
HOPE YOU ENJOY.
JACK, YOU CAME.
YEAH.
I, UH...
I DON'T LIKE TO LET
FREE FOOD GO TO WASTE.
WELL, WHATEVER THE REASON,
I'M GLAD.
IT LOOKS LIKE
A LOT OF PEOPLE
SUPPORT YOUR DECISION.
EH, SLOW NIGHT
ON CAMPUS MAYBE.
IT'S TRICKY PUTTING
TOGETHER PROJECTS
LIKE THIS BOOK.
THERE'S ALWAYS GONNA BE
A HANDFUL OF PEOPLE
WHO'LL THINK THAT IT'S
BATHROOM MATERIAL,
BUT I ALWAYS HELD OUT
THE NAIVE BELIEF
THAT THERE WOULD BE
A READER OR TWO
WHO MIGHT FIND
SOMETHING STIMULATING
BEYOND EASY
CULTURAL REFERENCES.
YEAH, SOME OF
MY FRIENDS ASSUMED
THAT YOUR CLASS WAS
CULTURAL CLIFF NOTES
WHICH WOULD
PRETTY MUCH MAKE IT
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY,
I GUESS.
DID YOU FEEL THAT WAY?
ALL THINGS ASIDE,
DID I EVER SEEM
LESS THAN RIVETED?
UM, Y-YOUR WIFE, UM...
MUST NOT BE TOO PSYCHED
MOVING TO CHICAGO
IN THE HEIGHT OF WINTER.
ACTUALLY, SHE'S NOT GOING
TO MAKE THE MOVE WITH ME.
I'M--I'M SORRY.
WELL, LET'S--LET'S NOT.
I CAN TALK IN CIRCLES
ABOUT WHERE I WENT WRONG,
AND A MAUDLIN FREEMAN
ISN'T GONNA DO
EITHER OF US ANY GOOD.
YEAH.
SO I GOTTA ASK.
WHY DID YOU
DECIDE TO COME?
DON'T YOU HAVE
SOMEWHERE TO BE?
UM.
NO, NO. I--
I HAVE SOME TIME.
THAT'S GREAT.
LET ME INTRODUCE YOU
TO SOME PEOPLE.
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT IS KEEPING JACK, DAVID.
I'M SURE IT'S--
IT'S A HAIR-RELATED ISSUE.
NAH, IT'S OK.
IT'S FLATTERING TO THINK
THAT EACH CAREFULLY
MISPLACED STRAND
MIGHT BE FOR ME.
AWW.
I'M GONNA HEAD UP
TO THE BAR.
YOU GUYS NEED ANYTHING?
NO, I'M GOOD.
I'M FINE.
WELL, I'M GLAD
THAT YOU CAME TONIGHT.
I KNOW THAT
THIS MIGHT NOT
REALLY BE YOUR THING.
HOW DO YOU FIGURE THAT?
I'VE NOTHING
AGAINST GOOD COMPANY...
AND I GUESS I CAN'T
SPEAK TO THE QUALITY
OF THE MUSIC YET, BUT...
OH, WELL, AUDREY
IS NOTHING IF NOT
A STELLAR PERFORMER.
HOW'S SHE BEEN LATELY?
Jen: AUDREY?
YEAH.
GREAT. GOOD.
WHOO! AAH!
WELL, MAYBE NOT
THE GREATEST OF GREATS,
BUT I WOULD GIVE HER
A SOLID GOOD.
WHY DO YOU ASK?
WELL, SHE SEEMS LIKE
SHE MIGHT BE
A LITTLE DEPRESSED.
SHE DOESN'T
LOOK DEPRESSED.
WELL, IT'S EASY
NOT TO LOOK IT
WHEN YOU'RE DOING
YOU'RE DAMNDEST
NOT TO FEEL IT...
OR ANYTHING,
FOR THAT MATTER.
(CELL PHONE RINGS)
HELLO.
UH, DAVID, HEY.
UH, IT'S ME.
LOOK, I AM SO SORRY.
OH, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
ARE YOU ON YOUR WAY?
UH, NO, NOT EXACTLY.
SHOULD I CALL
THE POLICE MAYBE?
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU CAN'T SAY
IN FRONT OF
THE KIDNAPPERS?
I'M COMING. I PROMISE.
I JUST GOT SUCKED
INTO THIS NIGHTMARE
ACADEMIC SCHMOOZE-FEST.
I HAVE, LIKE, 2 MORE
PROFOUND THINGS TO SAY,
AND I'M OUT OF HERE.
I SWEAR.
HEY, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
UH, C.J.'s HERE,
AND YOUR FRIENDS
HAVE ALL MASTERED
THE ART OF POLITE
CONVERSATION.
SO, I WILL SEE YOU
WHEN I SEE YOU.
ALL RIGHT, COOL.
I'LL SEE YA.
HOW YOU DOIN'?
FINE.
I DIDN'T ASK
HOW YOU WERE LOOKING.
I ASKED HOW
YOU WERE DOIN'.
OH, COME ON, RICH.
EVEN I GOTTA STOP YOU
ON THAT ONE.
I MEAN, WHO SAYS THAT?
YOUR FRIEND
DOES APPARENTLY.
OH, NO.
HE'S NOT MY FRIEND.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I'M HIS BOSS.
RICH RINALDI.
I'M DENISE.
THAT'S A BEAUTIFUL NAME
FOR A BEAUTIFUL GIRL.
I THINK DENISE MEANS DRAMA
IN ITS GREEK ORIGIN,
AND MIGHT I SAY, DENISE,
THAT YOU HAVE BREASTS
THAT ARE BEGGING
TO BE TOUCHED.
OH, THAT'S
A COINCIDENCE,
SINCE YOU APPARENTLY
HAVE TESTICLES
THAT ARE BEGGING
TO BE CASTRATED.
OK, THEN.
I'LL TAKE
MY GOODS ELSEWHERE.
PLEASE DO.
YOU KNOW, I THINK RICH
ACTUALLY MEANS SLIMEBALL
IN ITS ORIGINAL FORM,
BUT I'D HAVE TO CHECK
THE BOOKS ON THAT.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
I'M PACEY,
AND I AM TRULY
SORRY FOR THAT,
THOUGH I'M SURE YOU'RE
USED TO HAVING MEN SAYING
ALL KINDS OF
INAPPROPRIATE THINGS
TO YOU ALL THE TIME.
I AM.
I'M NOT USED
TO THEM LEAVING
THEIR CONSIDERABLY
MORE ATTRACTIVE
AND LIKABLE
FRIENDS BEHIND.
MISS ME?
HOW COULD I WHEN I'VE
BEEN WAITING ON YOU
AND YOUR FRIENDS
ALL NIGHT, YOU KNOW?
GOOD POINT.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
DOING AFTER?
TONIGHT?
WELL, YEAH, I MEAN,
I KNOW WHENEVER
I GET OFF WORK
THERE'S NOTHING
MORE DEPRESSING
THAN TRYING TO GO
DIRECTLY ASLEEP
WITH VISIONS OF DRUNKARDS
DANCING IN MY HEAD, SO...
I WAS THINKING SOME SORT
OF SOCIAL ACTIVITY
WOULD BE A GOOD SEGUE.
I DON'T KNOW.
WE COULD--
HEY! LET ME HAVE ANOTHER
BEER FOR THE STAGE.
NAH, I CAN'T LET YOU
TAKE THAT UP THERE.
COME ON, YOU GUYS
BOTH WORK HERE,
LIKE ANYONE CARES.
WELL, I CARE ACTUALLY,
AND IT SEEMS TO ME
YOU'RE ALREADY WASTED.
WELL, WHO'S FAULT IS THAT?
UH, YOURS.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU SERVED ME, SUCKER.
YEAH, NOW I'M
CUTTING YOU OFF.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
GONNA HAVE TO LISTEN
TO YOURSELF SING SOBER.
SORRY.
COME ON, EDDIE, I MEAN...
IT'S NOT LIKE
SHE'S GOING OUT DRIVING.
IT'S JUST--SHE'S NERVOUS.
HAVEN'T YOU EVER
CONSIDERED OUR ASSES
MIGHT BE ON THE LINE
FOR SERVING
UNDERAGE PEOPLE?
OR DID THAT JUST
KINDA SLIP YOUR MIND
'CAUSE YOU'RE
NOT WORKING TONIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THIS IS A COLLEGE BAR.
I MEAN, YOU'VE
NEVER CARED BEFORE.
YEAH, WELL, I CARE
WHEN AN UNDERAGE GIRL
GETS DRUNK AND TRASHES
THE PLACE ON MY WATCH.
I'M CUTTING HER OFF.
THAT'S IT.
GAH, SOMEBODY
NEEDS TO GET LAID.
AUDREY.
WHATEVER.
HE CLEARLY
TAKES HIS JOB
TOO SERIOUSLY.
TELL ME SOMETHING,
EDDIE.
WHAT'S IT LIKE
LOOKING DOWN
THE BARREL OF A GUN
AND SEEING
A JANITOR'S UNIFORM
AND A BUS PASS?
YOU'LL GET ME ANOTHER BEER,
WON'T YOU, SWEETIE?
I'M THINKING NO.
JEEZ! IT'S LIKE
THIS BAR'S RUN
BY DONNA REED
AND MR. ROGERS.
ALL RIGHT,
GET HER OUT OF HERE.
DID YOU NOT JUST WITNESS
MY MAGNIFICENT FORCE?
YEAH, AUDREY,
DID YOU NOT HEAR US
WARMING UP UP THERE?
THINK WE'RE DOING IT
FOR A LARK?
GET UP THERE.
Audrey: I LOVE YOU,
YOU CRAZY BIRD!
Emma: HEY, SPREAD
THE JOY ON STAGE,
COURTNEY LOVE.
OK? WE'RE ON.
BAH!
GO, GO, GO.
I'M NOT HER KEEPER.
NO, IT'S WORSE ACTUALLY.
YOU'RE HER FRIEND.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
HEY, HOW ARE WE ALL
DOIN' TONIGHT?
WE'RE HELL'S BELLES,
AND WE ARE HERE
TO THROW DOWN
THIS FASCIST REGIME.
SEEMS LIKE
THE ESTABLISHMENT
DON'T WANT US
TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.
WHO WANTS TO STICK IT
TO THE MAN?
(VOMITING)
(COUGHS)
OH. YEAH, OK.
I THINK THAT'S EVERYTHING.
I THINK THAT THERE IS
SOME INTESTINE IN THERE.
OK. WHY DON'T WE GO
GET YOU SOME WATER?
HOW MUCH
DID YOU DRINK?
(WATER RUNS)
(SIPS AND SPITS)
CLEARLY,
I DON'T REMEMBER.
WERE YOU DRINKING
IN THE CHANGING ROOM?
BECAUSE I DIDN'T SEE YOU
HAVE THAT MUCH AT THE BAR.
I SAID
I DON'T REMEMBER.
THIS--
AUDREY,
NOT TO SOUND LIKE
AN AFTER SCHOOL SPECIAL,
BUT THIS KIND OF
ISN'T LIKE YOU.
AND WHAT EXACTLY
IS LIKE ME?
YOU KNOW, I COULD'VE BEEN
AN ALKIE SINCE AGE 6.
YOU DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST--
I'M FINE!
HAVE YOU NEVER
GOTTEN DRUNK BEFORE?
YEAH, ACTUALLY, I HAVE,
AND IT'S USUALLY BEEN
BECAUSE I FELT
PRETTY AWFUL
ABOUT SOMETHING, SO...
LOOK, I WAS
JUST WONDERING
IF YOU FELT AWFUL.
I FEEL LIKE I DON'T WANT
TO HAVE A SOULFUL EXCHANGE
ABOUT HOW I'M BAD
AND YOU'RE GOOD,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S NOT
WHERE I WAS GOING.
LIKE HELL IT WASN'T.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'VE MASTERED THE ART
OF HOLIER THAN THOU, JOEY.
YOU KNOW, DON'T FEED ME
A BUNCH OF CRAP
ABOUT HOW YOU DON'T NEED TO
DRINK OR DO DRUGS TO HAVE FUN
BECAUSE I'VE GIVEN IT
SOME THOUGHT,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'VE NEVER SEEN YOU
HAVE FUN A DAY IN MY LIFE.
EXCEPT FOR THAT WHOLE
SINGING THING,
AND EVEN THEN YOU
WERE JUST IMITATING ME.
OK, YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST SAVE
THIS FOR THE MORNING
BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT
TO SAY ANYTHING
WE'LL REGRET.
GOD! WILL YOU STOP
PROTECTING ME?!
I'M SO SICK OF LIVING
IN THIS LITTLE ANTISEPTIC
UNIVERSE
YOU'VE ALL CREATED.
ALL WE DO IS WE SIT AROUND
AND WE DRINK SODA AND WE TALK
ABOUT HOW GLAD WE ARE
THAT WE'RE ALL FRIENDS,
WHICH IS RIDICULOUS, JOEY,
BECAUSE WHAT KIND OF FRIEND
WOULDN'T KNOW THAT I BROKE UP
WITH MY BOYFRIEND?
YOU KNOW WHAT, AUDREY?
I SAID I WAS SORRY
ABOUT THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T EVEN CARE.
I JUST DON'T WANT SOMEONE
WHO'S COMPLETELY DROPPED OUT
OF MY LIFE SUDDENLY JUDGING IT.
I MEAN, DID YOU EVEN NOTICE
THAT I WAS DEPRESSED
BEFORE I UPSET YOUR LITTLE
BOYFRIEND FROM SOUTHIE?
EDDIE IS NOT
MY BOYFRIEND.
RIGHT.
I THINK IT'S REALLY
FRIGGING PATHETIC
THAT THAT'S THE ONLY THING
YOU HAD THE NEED TO COMMENT ON.
SO HAVE FUN TONIGHT,
WHEREVER YOU'RE GOING.
TO BE HONEST, I DON'T KNOW
IF THERE'S SOMEWHERE
LEFT TO GO.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO KEEP YOU
IN THERE WITH MY BORING
SCHOLASTIC JABBER.
NO. NO, I WASN'T BORED.
IT'S WHY I'M BRAVING
SOCIAL LEPROSY.
I'M GLAD YOU CAME.
THERE'S A PART OF MY BOOK
THAT I WROTE AFTER CLASS
EARLY IN THE SEMESTER,
YOU'D MADE A COMMENT IN CLASS
ABOUT THE ASEXUALITY
OF GOOD GUYS IN FILM.
IT WAS A SMALL THING I REMEMBER,
BUT IT SPARKED SOMETHING,
AND I THOUGHT NO ONE
DOES THAT ANYMORE.
SPARKS SOMETHING.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
NOT JUST IN CLASS.
YOU WERE JUST...
YOU WERE RIGHT ABOUT
A LOT OF THINGS.
I WASN'T WAITING FOR YOU
TO TELL ME THAT,
IF THAT'S WHY YOU THINK
I'M STANDING OUT HERE
IN THE COLD.
THEN WHY ARE YOU?
IT'S SAD...THAT YOU'RE
PROBABLY THE MOST
POPULAR PROFESSOR HERE,
THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL,
AND YET YOU FELT YOU HAD
TO HIDE THAT PART
OF YOURSELF THAT'S REAL.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
HOWEVER LONG IT TOOK
FOR YOU TO GET HERE,
AT LEAST YOU DID IT.
AND THAT'S WHY
I'M STANDING OUT HERE
IN THE COLD.
A WEEK AGO I WAS THIS
UNAVAILABLE MARRIED MAN.
THERE USED TO BE ABOUT
6 DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF MYSELF
I PRESENTED TO THE WORLD.
NOW THERE'S JUST...THIS.
AND NOW I KIND OF WISH
I'D NOTICED IT SOONER.
OR THAT I'D NOTICED YOU.
MAYBE IT'S TOO LATE.
YOU TELL ME.
I CAN'T.
I'M SORRY, I CAN'T.
I'VE KEPT SOMEONE
WAITING ALL NIGHT
THAT THE TIMING WAS
ACTUALLY RIGHT WITH.
IT'S LATE.
I GOTTA GO.
YEAH, I GOTTA GO.
GUESS YOU WEREN'T SO OFF BASE
WITH THE WHOLE AUDREY THING.
YOU MEAN HER PERFORMANCES
AREN'T TYPICALLY
THAT INSPIRED?
UH, NOT SO JENNIFER JASON LEIGH
IN GEORGIA,  NO.
THANK YOU.
AUDREY'S ONE OF THE FEW
PEOPLE THAT I KNOW
WHO SEEMED TO ENTER THE FOLD
WELL ADJUSTED AND CONFIDENT.
SHE MADE ALL OF US
SEEM DRAMATIC.
IT'S HARD TO KEEP
PUTTING UP A FRONT
LIKE THAT,
ONCE PEOPLE
EXPECT IT FROM YOU.
YOU KNOW, YOU WAKE UP
IN THE MORNING,
YOU DON'T FEEL SO GREAT,
SO YOU NEED SOMETHING
TO TAKE OFF THE EDGE.
THAT'S WHAT I USED TO DO.
I TOOK MY FIRST DRINK
WHEN I WAS 12.
WHEN I HIT HIGH SCHOOL,
I WAS SHAKING BY NOON
IF I WASN'T DRUNK.
SO RATHER THAN THINKING
LIKE, "HEY,
THAT CAN'T BE NORMAL"
I JUST KEPT DRINKING.
PROVIDED A STEADY
NUMB RIDE THROUGH THOSE
AWKWARD TEEN YEARS.
IT'S TOUGH
TO GET OFF OF.
YEAH. YEAH, BUT YOU DID.
SO YOU MUST'VE DONE
SOMETHING RIGHT.
YEAH. YEAH.
I HIT ROCK BOTTOM.
SURE FIRE WAY TO
SNAP OUT OF SOMETHING
IS TO WAKE UP
FROM A BLACKOUT
REALIZING
THAT YOU WERE THE GUY
AT THE PARTY
WHO TOLD EVERYBODY
EXACTLY WHAT THEY
DIDN'T WANT TO HEAR
AND THEN ALIENATING
THE ONE PERSON
THAT YOU CARED ABOUT.
SO, THERE'S THAT,
WHICH IS WHY I
DON'T DATE ANYMORE.
I REALLY--I DON'T THINK
YOU HAVE TO BE SO HARD
ON YOURSELF.
I--WE ALL MESS UP.
JEN, YOU REALLY DON'T
WANT TO KNOW THAT MUCH
ABOUT ME, I PROMISE.
UH, PROBABLY GONNA NEED
A KEY FOR THIS.
THAT MIGHT HELP.
WHERE WOULD YOU
HAVE PUT THAT?
UH, HOLD ON ONE SECOND.
I'M NOT SO GOOD
AT WAITING.
HERE WE GO.
OK.
SOME NIGHT, HUH?
YEP.
I'M SORRY ABOUT...
SORRY ABOUT
THE WHOLE DRINKING,
SINGING DEBACLE.
I DIDN'T KNOW
IT WAS GONNA GO THAT WAY.
IT WASN'T YOUR PROBLEM,
RIGHT?
YOU WEREN'T WORKING,
SO WHY SHOULD IT MATTER
THAT YOUR FRIENDS WERE
GONNA TRASH THE PLACE?
IT'S NOT LIKE THEY
INTENDED TO DO THAT.
THAT'S NOT REALLY
THE POINT, JOEY.
WELL, CARE TO FILL ME IN
ON WHAT THE POINT IS?
WHY SHOULD I MAKE YOU
STAND HERE AND LISTEN
TO MY DIATRIBE
WHEN YOU CLEARLY HAVE
BETTER THINGS TO DO?
EXCUSE ME.
WHY ARE YOU SO INSISTENT
TONIGHT THAT I'M WASTING
MY TIME WITH YOU
WHEN EVERY TIME
I APPROACH YOU,
IT'S BEEN BECAUSE
I WANTED TO TALK?
MAYBE I'VE HAD A HARD TIME
TALKING TO YOU
BECAUSE I CAN'T FIGURE OUT
WHO I'M TALKING TO.
IS THIS JOEY POTTER
MY BARTENDING BUDDY,
OR IS THIS JOEY POTTER WHO RUNS
WITH THE WORTHINGTON ELITE?
THAT'S FUNNY.
I THOUGHT THERE WAS MORE OF
AN INTIMATE MIDDLE GROUND.
LOOK, YOU JUST LEARN
A LOT ABOUT PEOPLE
WHEN YOU SEE THEM
WITH THEIR FRIENDS, OK?
YOU SEE ME WITH MY FRIENDS
IN HERE ALL THE TIME.
HOW IS THIS DIFFERENT?
IT'S DIFFERENT
WHEN YOUR FRIENDS
ARE FLAUNTING
STATE DRINKING LAWS
AND INSULTING ME
TO MY FACE.
LOOK, I'M SORRY
ABOUT THAT, OK?
IF IT MAKES YOU FEEL
ANY BETTER,
I JUST GOT A PRETTY
NASTY TONGUE LASHING
FROM AUDREY IN THERE.
WHAT WOULD'VE MADE ME
FEEL BETTER IS IF YOU
WOULD'VE DEFENDED ME.
IF YOU HAD MENTALLY
SHOWN UP THERE, JOEY,
THAT MIGHT'VE BEEN NICE.
EDDIE, SHE WAS DRUNK.
WE DEAL
WITH THOSE PEOPLE
ALL OF THE TIME.
YOU'RE RIGHT, JOEY.
WHY SHOULD I MAKE YOU FEEL BAD
FOR LETTING YOUR FRIEND RIDE OUT
HER HIGH-CLASS PROBLEMS?
I SHOULD BE USED TO IT
BY NOW, RIGHT?
MY MISTAKE WAS JUST
THINKING YOU WERE DIFFERENT
FROM THE REST OF THEM.
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT
WHEN YOU'VE BARELY EVEN
TRIED TO FIND OUT?
I DON'T KNOW, MAYBE
YOU'RE JUST THREATENED
BECAUSE I TRIED TO
FIND OUT MORE ABOUT YOU,
BUT THAT'S JUST
BECAUSE I WAS TRYING
TO HELP YOU--
I KNOW WHAT YOU WERE
TRYING TO DO, JOEY,
AND I DON'T THINK
YOU SHOULD BOTHER.
I DON'T THINK EITHER OF US
SHOULD BECAUSE I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT IT,
AND THIS LITTLE DANCE WE DO,
IT'S NOTHING MORE THAN THAT.
IT'S JUST FLIRTING.
YOU DON'T THINK THERE'S
ANYTHING MORE HERE?
I DON'T THINK
THERE'S ANYTHING GOOD.
CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
ABSOLUTELY.
THIS ISN'T YOUR FIRST TIME,
IS IT?
AM I REALLY THAT BAD?
NO. JUST MOST GUYS
DON'T BOTHER WITH
THE OBLIGATORY FOREPLAY.
WHICH IS GREATLY
APPRECIATED AND ALL,
BUT I'M KIND OF
A SURE THING.
OK, WELL, I'LL DO
MY BEST TO NOT TEND
TO ANY OF YOUR NEEDS,
BUT I CAN'T PROMISE
ANYTHING.
SERIOUSLY, WE'VE BEEN
AT THIS FOR A WHILE NOW,
AND YOUR FRIEND
DIDN'T PAY FOR THE NIGHT.
MM...
LISTEN IT WAS
A NICE THING HE WAS DOING.
YOU SHOULD JUST ENJOY IT.
BUT I REALLY...
I CAN'T.
I CAN'T. I'M SORRY.
I DON'T HAVE TO LEAVE.
NO. YOU ABSOLUTELY
DON'T HAVE TO LEAVE.
YOU CAN STAY HERE
AS LONG AS YOU LIKE,
BUT...I--I JUST...
I CAN'T DO THIS.
I JUST THOUGHT YOU
WERE A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
THAT I MET DOWN IN THE BAR.
AND THAT THERE WAS
A LITTLE...
SOMETHING BETWEEN US,
BUT THERE'S OBVIOUSLY NOT.
AND THAT'S FINE.
BUT I NOW HAVE TO GO
TO TALK TO SOMEONE,
SO YOU STAY HERE AND...
I'M REALLY SORRY.
SO YOU'RE SURE DAVID'S
GONNA BE OK IN THERE
ALL BY HIMSELF?
OH, YEAH. YEAH.
HE SAID HE'D HANG AROUND
FOR ANOTHER HALF HOUR,
THEN CALL IT A NIGHT.
GOD, I DON'T KNOW WHAT
JACK'S PROBLEM IS,
BUT I'M GONNA KICK HIS ASS.
WELL, LUCKILY DAVID'S
A VERY PATIENT MAN.
YOU KNOW, I'M JUST REALLY GLAD
YOU CAME OUT TONIGHT.
I WAS WORRIED YOU
WOULDN'T WANT TO.
YOU KNOW, YOU KEEP
SAYING THAT.
JUST 'CAUSE I DON'T
DRINK DOESN'T MEAN
I DON'T SOCIALIZE.
BUT YOU DON'T DATE.
NO.
YOU TOLD ME ONCE THAT I SHOULD
CHANGE MY MIND ABOUT MYSELF,
AND I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD
PROBABLY DO THE SAME THING.
JEN.
I CAN'T.
I'M SORRY, IT'S...
IT'S GOT NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU,
I PROMISE.
YOU'RE...
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL,
AND YOU'RE GREAT.
I JUST REALLY CAN'T.
OK.
I'M GONNA GET YOU
A CAB HOME, OK?
OK.
YOU GONNA BE OK?
YEAH. I'M FINE.
NOTHING A LITTLE SLEEP
AND REGRET WON'T CURE.
GOOD NIGHT.
I ONLY HAD A COUPLE
OF PUFFS, I SWEAR.
I DON'T CARE
IF YOU SMOKE.
WELL, THAT'S SHOCKING.
BECAUSE I THOUGHT FOR
SURE THERE WAS SOME SORT
OF LO-JACK SYSTEM ON ME,
AND ANYONE
WITHIN A MILE RADIUS
WAS GONNA CHASTISE ME
FOR PARTAKING IN
ANY SORT OF SUBSTANCE.
YOU KNOW, I WONDER
IF SUGAR'S OK
BECAUSE I HAVE
SOME SWEET TARTS
IN MY POCKET,
AND I'M NOT AFRAID
TO EAT THEM.
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
PRETTY HARD ON YOU TONIGHT,
HAVEN'T THEY?
YOU KNOW THE FUNNY THING
IS THAT IT WAS ALL GREAT
WHEN I WAS DRUNK.
THAT WAS
A SUPER OLD TIME.
NOW I'M SOBER,
AND EVERYTHING'S
GONE TO HELL.
YOU KNOW, YOUR FRIENDS
WERE JUST TRYING TO
LET YOU KNOW THEY CARED.
MAYBE THEY DIDN'T GO
ABOUT IT THE RIGHT WAY.
IT'S NOT LIKE
I'M A DRUNK, YOU KNOW.
GOD, WE'RE IN COLLEGE,
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD.
DOESN'T ANYONE JUST EVER
HAVE A WEEK THAT SUCKS,
AND THEY WANT TO
FORGET ABOUT IT?
DOES IT MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER...
WHEN YOU...DRINK?
I FEEL NOTHING,
WHICH IS IDEAL.
HOW LONG YOU GONNA
KEEP THAT UP FOR?
I DON'T KNOW.
IF YOU WANNA TALK OR...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SIT
WITH ME, REALLY.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY THAT.
IF I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE,
I'D HAVE WALKED AWAY ALREADY.
OK.
SO WE'LL SIT.
I DON'T WANNA TALK
FOR A WHILE.
YOU OWE ME 20 BUCKS,
RINALDI.
Pacey: RICH!
HEY, RINALDI!
COME HERE.
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM, WITTER?
MY PROBLEM IS THE
LITTLE TRICK YOU JUST
TRIED TO PLAY ON ME.
YOU'RE NOT MORALLY OPPOSED
TO LADIES OF THE NIGHT,
ARE YOU?
DUDE, WITTER STUFFED A WHORE!
ACTUALLY, I DIDN'T,
KATZ, BUT YOU KEEP
TALKING.
YOU WATCH
HOW QUICKLY
YOUR NIGHT ENDS.
YOU DIDN'T EVEN DO IT?
WHAT, YOU GOT A PROBLEM
DOWN THERE, WITTER,
OR JUST HAVE TROUBLE TAKING
OFF YOUR LITTLE DRESS?
IS THIS A JOKE TO YOU?
'CAUSE LET ME TELL YOU,
I'M NOT LAUGHING.
TELL ME ABOUT IT. NO.
IT WAS MY IDEA OF
SHOWING YOU A GOOD TIME.
BELIEVE ME.
SHE DIDN'T COME CHEAP.
I FORGOT THAT ABOUT YOU.
IT ALL RELATES BACK
TO MONEY.
YOU BUY YOUR FRIENDS,
YOU BUY YOUR WOMEN,
YOU BUY WOMEN FOR
YOUR FRIENDS. THAT WAY
IT'S CLEAN, IT'S EASY.
NO EMOTION, RIGHT? WELL,
LET ME TELL YOU, RICH.
THE ONLY FAVOR
I WANT YOU TO DO FOR ME
IS TAKE ME OFF
YOUR CHARITY LIST.
'CAUSE YOU'RE PATHETIC,
MAN.
HONESTLY, MAN,
I'M NOT GETTING IT.
A COUPLE OF SOLID HOURS
WITH A REALLY HOT GIRL YOU
NEVER HAVE TO CALL AGAIN,
AND WHAT,
YOU PLAY TIDDLY WINKS?
I MUST BE REAL DUMB
BECAUSE IT SEEMS
LIKE YOU OWE ME.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I DO.
I ABSOLUTELY--
(OVERLAPPING SHOUTS)
HOW DARE YOU
DO THAT TO ME?!
I'M PISSED!
I'M REALLY PISSED AT
YOUR MORAL OUTRAGE.
NO NEED TO GET VIOLENT.
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA REALIZE
FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT'S
NOT WORTH IT?
HEY, DAVID.
DAVID, I AM SO SORRY.
I--I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT YOU'RE STILL HERE.
WHAT, YOU WERE
HOPING I'D BE GONE?
NO! NO. NO. OF COURSE NOT.
I'M GLAD YOU STAYED.
I JUST KEPT MISSING
MY WINDOW OF OPPORTUNITY
TO GET OUT OF THERE.
THAT MUST'VE BEEN ROUGH.
YEAH.
I'M NOT BEING
TOO CONVINCING, AM I?
LOOK, JACK, I'M NOT SO NAIVE
COMING INTO THIS
THAT I DIDN'T EXPECT THERE
TO BE SOME BAGGAGE.
YOU CAN'T REALLY MOVE
INTO A NEW RELATIONSHIP
UNTIL YOU KNOW THE OLD ONE
ISN'T GONNA LURCH UP
FROM THE DEAD ONE LAST TIME.
SO, DO WHAT YOU GOTTA DO.
I DID. I MEAN, I DIDN'T.
I...
I DIDN'T HAVE TO.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO REPORT TO ME.
WELL, YOU'RE RIGHT
ABOUT THE BAGGAGE.
IT'S JUST NOT...
BEFORE WE GOT
INTO THIS, I JUST
WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THAT I WAS DONE
REPEATING MY MISTAKES.
AND I AM.
THAT WORKS FOR ME.
COOL.
YEAH.
SO WHY DID YOU
EVEN BOTHER STICKING
AROUND HERE?
HEY, DON'T THINK I WAS WAITING
FOR THE CONFUSED LIKES OF YOU.
(CHUCKLES)
I WAS HAVING
A GOOD TIME,
AND YOU MISSED
A HELL OF AN ACT.
HUH. DID I?
YES. IT WAS
ONE MAGICAL NIGHT
YOU'LL NEVER GET BACK.
SO THIS ONE'S GONNA
BE TOUGH TO TOP.
THAT'S AWFULLY
PRESUMPTUOUS TO ASSUME
WE'RE GOING OUT AGAIN.
OH, HA! I SEE HOW IT IS.
I SEE HOW IT IS.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
WOW! SO THIS IS HOW
THE OTHER HALF LIVES.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UH, YOUR LITTLE FRIEND
LEFT HER WALLET
AT THE BAR LAST NIGHT.
CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW SHE FORGOT IT,
WITH THE DRUNKEN
SPECTACLE AND
THE VOMITING AND ALL.
THANKS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT, JOEY.
LAST NIGHT I SAID A LOT
OF THINGS I DIDN'T MEAN.
YEAH, WHAT THINGS?
MANY THINGS.
IT COULD BE THAT I HAVE
SOME UNRESOLVED ANGER
TOWARDS SOCIETY
THAT HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU.
THAT'S GOOD.
YEAH, I'VE BEEN WORKING
ON THAT ONE A WHILE.
IT ALMOST RESEMBLED AN APOLOGY.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
I BEEN THINKING
ABOUT IT ALL NIGHT.
WHAT'S IT?
THIS.
ME, YOU.
IT DIDN'T FEEL GOOD.
WHAT PART?
THE NOT PURSUING IT PART.
YOU KNOW, UH...
THE PUSHING AWAY USUALLY
COMES WHEN THERE'S SOMETHING
TO PUSH AWAY FROM.
PLEASE, JOEY, I WOULD
LOVE TO GET TO THE POINT
WHERE I CAN RESENT YOU,
IF YOU'LL ONLY
GIVE ME THE CHANCE.
WE CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS.
WHAT?
THIS. THIS...SAYING THINGS
WE DON'T MEAN.
DANCING AROUND THE SUBJECT.
I MEAN, DON'T YOU FIND IT
MADDENING?
WELL, YEAH,
BUT I MEANT THAT THING
ABOUT THE RESENTMENT.
OK. ALL RIGHT, I GET
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
SO, WHAT WOULD YOU SAY
IF YOU SAID WHAT YOU MEANT?
I'D LIKE TO GO
ON A DATE WITH YOU.
AN ACTUAL DATE.
WITHOUT THE OBSTACLES
OF PRE-TEEN GIRLS
AND DRUNKEN ROOMMATES.
WHAT WOULD YOU SAY?
WELL, I'D LIKE TO GET
TO KNOW YOU AND PROVE
MYSELF WRONG.
ABOUT?
THINKING YOU REPRESENT
EVERYTHING I HATE.
I THINK YOU JUST MIGHT
REPRESENT EVERYTHING
I'M MISSING.
HOO, OK, SO...
IT'S A DATE.
SEE YOU LATER, JOEY.